Enh ssl module (#267)
OctopusDeploy/OctopusDSC: README-cOctopusServerSslCertificate.md

# README-cOctopusServerSslCertificate

> 

Reviewer: Be good to add a description of what it does and when you'd use it.

## Sample

First, ensure the OctopusDSC module is on your `$env:PSModulePath`. Then you can create and apply configuration like this.

```PowerShell
Configuration SampleConfig
{
    Import-DscResource -Module OctopusDSC

    Node "localhost"
    {
        cOctopusServerSslCertificate SSLCert
        {
            InstanceName = "OctopusServer"

>             Thumbprint = "c42a148bcd3959101f2e7a3d76edb924bff84b6b"

Reviewer: Might be worth a comment to say where to get this from

            Ensure = "Present"
            StoreName = "My"
            Port = 443
        }
    }
}

SampleConfig

Start-DscConfiguration .\SampleConfig -Verbose -wait

Test-DscConfiguration
```

## Properties
| Property                                  | Type         | Default Value    | Description |
| ------------------------------------------| ------------ | -----------------| ------------|

> | `Ensure`                              | `string` - `Present` or `Absent`                    | `Present`                                                       | The desired state of the Octopus Server - effectively whether to install or uninstall. |

Reviewer: My OCD humbly requests that you line these up :)

# README-cOctopusServerSslCertificate

> This resource will bind a certificate identified by the StoreName and Thumbprint to the SSL entry in the `WebListenPrefix` element of the cOctopusServer resource.  The port defined for the SSL entry must match to bind properly.

Reviewer: This felt too detailed - I've tried to re-write so that it's more obvious to an new-comer. What do you think?
```suggestion
This resource binds a SSL certificate to allow Octopus Server to listen over HTTPS.
It binds the certificate stored in the Windows Certificate store identified by the `StoreName` and `Thumbprint` to the port that the sever will listen on.
This port must match the https entry in the `WebListenPrefix` element of the cOctopusServer resource. 
```

## Sample

First, ensure the OctopusDSC module is on your `$env:PSModulePath`. Then you can create and apply configuration like this.

```PowerShell
Configuration SampleConfig
{
    Import-DscResource -Module OctopusDSC

    Node "localhost"
    {
        cOctopusServerSslCertificate SSLCert
        {
            InstanceName = "OctopusServer"
            Thumbprint = "<Thumbprint string from certificate>"
            Ensure = "Present"
            StoreName = "My"
            Port = 443
        }
    }
}

SampleConfig

Start-DscConfiguration .\SampleConfig -Verbose -wait

Test-DscConfiguration
```

## Properties

> | Property                                  | Type         | Default Value    | Description |
> | ------------------------------------------| ------------ | -----------------| ------------|
> | `Ensure`                                  | `string` - `Present` or `Absent`| `Present`   | The desired state of the Octopus Server - effectively whether to install or uninstall. |
> | `InstanceName`                            | `string`     |                  | The name of the Octopus Server instance. Use `OctopusServer` by convention unless you have more than one instance. |
> | `Thumbprint`                              | `string`     |                  | Thumbprint of the SSL certificate to use with Octopus Deploy |
> | `StoreName`                               | `string` - `My` or `WebHosting` |          | Which certificate store to look for the thumbprint in. |
> | `Port`                                    | `int`        |                  | The port to use SSL on.  |

Reviewer: My OCD is strong 😄:
```suggestion
| Property                                  | Type                            | Default Value    | Description                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------| ------------------------------- | -----------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `Ensure`                                  | `string` - `Present` or `Absent`| `Present`        | The desired state of the Octopus Server - effectively whether to install or uninstall.                             |
| `InstanceName`                            | `string`                        |                  | The name of the Octopus Server instance. Use `OctopusServer` by convention unless you have more than one instance. |
| `Thumbprint`                              | `string`                        |                  | Thumbprint of the SSL certificate to use with Octopus Deploy,                                                      |
| `StoreName`                               | `string` - `My` or `WebHosting` |                  | Which certificate store to look for the thumbprint in.                                                             |
| `Port`                                    | `int`                           |                  | The port to use SSL on.                                                                                            |
```
